https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/Aurora.Overview.Endpoints.html

## Types of Aurora endpoints
1. cluster endpoint
2. reader endpoint
3. custom endpoint
4. instance endpoint

Each DB instance in a DB cluster has its own unique instance endpoint. So there is one instance endpoint for the current primary DB instance of the DB cluster, and there is one instance endpoint for each of the Aurora Replicas in the DB cluster.

When you connect to an Aurora cluster, the host name and port that you specify point to an intermediate handler called an endpoint.

Each Aurora DB cluster has one cluster endpoint and one primary DB instance.

Because each Aurora cluster has **a single built-in cluster endpoint**, whose name and other attributes are managed by Aurora, you can't create, delete, or modify this kind of endpoint.

Each Aurora DB cluster has one reader endpoint.

Each Aurora cluster has **a single built-in reader endpoint**, whose name and other attributes are managed by Aurora. You can't create, delete, or modify this kind of endpoint.



An Aurora DB cluster has no custom endpoints until you create one.

The cluster endpoint provides failover support for read/write connections to the DB cluster. If the current primary DB instance of a DB cluster fails, Aurora automatically fails over to a new primary DB instance. During a failover, the DB cluster continues to serve connection requests to the cluster endpoint from the new primary DB instance, with minimal interruption of service.

# 正体はRDSInstaceの集合体。
> mydbcluster.cluster-c7tj4example.us-east-1.rds.amazonaws.com:3306

# 最大Connection数は Instanceクラスで決定される。


